Create MCD DAI migration guide (#10)
aragon/help: user-guide/troubleshooting/mcd-dai-migration.md

<p>
  The DAI token, managed by MakerDAO, was migrated to use another token address
  at 16:00 UTC on 2019-11-18.

  You can read more about the specific details of the migration on [MakerDAO's
  blog](https://blog.makerdao.com/multi-collateral-dai-is-live/), but the gist
  is that the old "DAI" token (at 0x89d24a6b4ccb1b6faa2625fe562bdd9a23260359)

>   now becomes "SAI" and new MCD DAI token is the contract at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  now becomes "SAI" and the new "Multi-Collateral" DAI token is the contract at
```

  0x6b175474e89094c44da98b954eedeac495271d0f.

  A migration tool between SAI and DAI is available at migrate.makerdao.com.
</p>
<p>
  For any organizations holding the old SAI token, the Aragon client will begin
  showing the correct name following a release around 2019-11-25. Until then, it
  will continue to be referred to as "DAI".

  For any organizations holding the new DAI token, the Aragon client will begin
  showing the new logo following the same release around 2019-11-25.
</p>
<p>
  For organizations holding SAI, there are two recommended paths to upgrade to
  MCD DAI:

  - Transfer the SAI into an external account or multisig contract that you control. From there, use the migration interface at migrate.makerdao.com to exchange SAI into DAI, and deposit the new DAI back into your organization

>   - Install an Agent app, if your organization has not yet installed one. Transfer SAI into the Agent app, set up the required permissions to allow interactions with the Agent app, and use migrate.makerdao.com through Frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Install an <a href="https://help.aragon.org/article/37-agent" target="_blank">Agent app</a>, if your organization has not yet installed one. Transfer SAI into the Agent app, set up the required permissions to allow interactions with the Agent app, and use migrate.makerdao.com via <a href="https://frame.sh" target="_blank">Frame</a>.
```

  For organizations holding old SAI CDPs, the recommended migration paths are
  similar if the organization was only holding SAI: transfer the organization's
  CDP ownership to an external account, multisig, or installed Agent app that
  you can interact with, and use the migrate.makerdao.com interface. In this
  scenario, ensure that the account with ownership over the CDP also holds

>   enough MKR to pay back any owed stability debt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  enough MKR to pay back any owed stability fees.
```
